I need to use the Chat GPT feature: "deep research".  
I'm going to give you a description of what I want to ask: 
"Create a comprehensive and detailed report that allows me to start implementing my 
new project and produce the first version in the minimal time possible.
1. Project Description:
	1.1 Name: c0dice 
	1.2 Summary: 
		Orchestrate/manage/run execution flows of external software components is 
    the center/brain that runs execution flows 
	1.3 Objective: 
		Centralize, coordinate, orchestrate, manage, analyze, observe the creation and 
    running of   execution flows for the orchestration and interaction of multiple 
    software components to achieve coherent final goals.
	1.4 Characteristics: 
		Must be intelligent using AI 
		The orchestrations should be automated  
		Should allow for human intervention and clarification
		Should allow managing multiple orchestrations  
    Should allow us to manage visually the static definition of orchestration  
	  Should allow to manage/control the runtime execution of the orchestration 
		Should provide monitoring/observability   
	1.5 UI: 
    The main way to display and interact with the information is visual using 
    diagrams  
	1.6 Components to be executed in the "execution flows":
		Are external to the system 
		The system uses interfaces for the components that can be added and 
		removed to the system
		1.6.1 Characteristics: 
			Completely decentralized, Different technologies, Different computer 
			languages, Different Operating systems 
		1.6.2 Examples: 
			sh script, AI agents, web/desktop/console app, REST api, C# function, 
      python script, Existing software libraries, etc.
2. Available resources
  2.1 One, very good, PHD level, 35 year of experience software engineer/data scientist
	2.2 Artificial Intelligence
	2.3 Access to any tool/software needed provided by my company
3. Implementation methodology
  3.1 Extreme AGILE:
    1 Produce a POC 
    2 Deploy 
    3 Receive feedback
    4 Research
    5 Use current POC version to create the next POC version
    6 Repeat from 2
4. Possible approach
	4.1 My thesis is that the best approach is:
    4.1.1 Discover existent software (or parts of some software) that can be used  
          to implement:
            Event driven systems
            AI agents
            Model Driven Engineering
            Low/0 Code apps (with or without AI)
          Relevant in the context of my project
    4.1.2 Compare all the software discovered
    4.1.3 Select the best parts of all this software
    4.1.4 Generate a step-by-step detailed tutorial on how to create a first version of 
          the system (using the selected software) and how to run it, then use it to create the next 
          version
    4.1.5 This report must allow for the only developer in the project to understand the 
          minimum possible on how to install and operate the chosen software so he can use it to 
          generate the first version of my project
  4.2 this is just a sugestion to help no one has to script folow it"

 I need to optimize the efficiency of the "Deep Research" feature of the CHAT GPT. 
 I need You to understand what the best way is to prompt the "Deep research" feature of CHAT GPT 
 and then transform the text inside commas, I gave you, accordingly
 so it is the perfect prompt for-me to get the best result. 

